question asked in the gtu exam

1- adjvanced java programming

--ch -1
        2 markers
        
            Differentiate between Local & Remote Applet
            List out any 4 methods of Applet class
            List Attributes of <Applet> tag
            List four methods of an applet. 
            Explain life cycle of applet with diagram. 
        
        3-4 markers
            Give difference between applet and application.
            Describe process to design a webpage with <APPLET>tag.
            Explain life cycle of applet with diagram
            Write a program in JAVA to draw ten circles in the applet
            Explain < PARAM >tag in applet using example. 
            Explain local applet and remote applet. 
            Explain how to set the background color within the applet area.
            Write an applet that receives one string and display in reversefashion
            Write an applet program to draw circle inside square
            Write an applet to draw a filled circle with red color using fill Oval() method
            of Graphics class.
            Write an Applet that reads three numeric values from the keyboard and
            display even numbers on the screen amongst the three entered values.
            Write an Applet to display Your name and Your City name usingpassing the parameters to the Applet.
            Write Advantages and Limitations of an Applet
            Explain parameter passing in Applet
            Develop an applet program in java that takes two numeric values from user and display largest among them in screen.

-ch-2
    
        -2 markers
            Explain paint , repaint and update method in applet
            What is Swing? Explain the need of Swing.
            Explain the AWT classes hierarchy
            List out Swing component classes
            What is Event? Give the name of Event classes.
            Compare Controls Button and JButton .
            What is Event? Give the name of Event classes. 
            List out types of Event class.
            State why an adapter class is useful.
            Write the name of class used to create input Dialog box in Java
        
        
        -3 markers
            Explain KeyListner Interface in detail.
            Explain panel in java with example.
            Explain any two Swing controls. 
            Explain Label control with an example.
            Explain CheckBox with Example. 
            Explain RadioButton with Example.
            Differentiate border layout and flow layout
            Explain event handling in Java. 
            Write a Java program to use JTextField Swing Control to display your name.
            Explain different layout managers in Java.
            Develop a program that has one button in the frame, clicking on the button cycles through the colors of background: red->green>blue and so on.
            Explain Mouse Listener
            Explain ComboBox AWT control in java.
            Describe MOUSE EVENT and MOUSE LISTENER interface with example. 
            Write short note in Event Listener
            Define Frame and state two ways to create a frame
            State two difference between SWING and AWT.
            Compare Label and JLabel controls.
            Explain any three methods of Graphics class.
            Explain event delegation model.
            Differentiate checkbox and radio button.
            Explain Canvas class with example 
            Explain JComboBox AWT control in java. 
            Explain JButton AWT control in java.
            Difference between component and container class in java.
            Write an applet that contains a check box group with three check   boxes labeled “Red”, “Green” and “Blue”. There is also a 30 x 30-pixel canvas. The selections of the check boxes determine the color of the canvas.
            Write a java Applet program to demonstrate Action Listener. 
            Write a program to create a frame with one label in Applet. 
            Write an Applet that reads three numeric values from the keyboard and display even numbers on the screen amongst the three entered values.


